---
title: 'Political Participation, What Will I Do?'
published: 2025-03-21T00:00:00.000Z
description: Learning social skills from The Path to Rebirth
tags:
  - misc
  - politics
category: politics
draft: false
lang: en
translatedFrom: ja
translatedAt: 2025-06-28T11:04:12.261Z
---
# The Path to Political Participation
[Regional Political Party: The Path to Rebirth](https://www.youtube.com/@The-Path-to-Rebirth)

Recently, the Tokyo Metropolitan Assembly election has become increasingly exciting with the start of the third screening.

Until now, I had only been interested from the perspective of exercising voting rights, but it was eye-opening to realize there's also the path of running for office myself.

The youngest applicant this time was announced to be 25 years old.

I was surprised that someone the same age as me aimed for political participation, and it became an opportunity to reconsider my future in terms of political participation.

# Watching the Q&A

Many people's questions were logical and coherent, making them pleasant to listen to.

Honestly, this sensation was a scene I rarely see on TV or other internet media.

Statements with substance and confident answers backed by experience.

The way they properly received questions and responded made me think, "Ah, there are such wonderful people even among those aiming to be politicians," changing my image of politicians.

Of course, I knew there were people like Ishimaru-san who properly engage with questions.

However, watching these videos, almost everyone could respond properly.

Watching this dispelled the image of politicians = adults who speak evasively.

Rather, it made me curious about how to achieve such growth.

How can I acquire those abilities?

# Future Vision

Watching the third screening so far, I was amazed by the speed of growth and high perspective of those who have acted with goals.

People who calculated their careers backward to earn money, people who decided their future from childhood interactions with their mothers and devoted themselves to it, etc.

Having goals in work and being conscious of leveling up allows for such growth—my spine straightened while I keenly felt the need to properly reconsider my goals as a new working adult starting in April.

# Finally

My provisional goal is to start a business with "hometown Ibaraki * IT * overseas * X."

For that, I want to immerse myself in gaining experience, building relationships, and identifying challenges for the first two years.

"Work while suffering, seek no comfort, this world is a pilgrimage"

I want to think about how much I can suffer for giving back to my hometown.
