---
title: 'Time Capital, Human Capital, Social Capital'
published: 2025-03-24T00:00:00.000Z
description: Start capital transfer
tags:
  - misc
  - career
category: career
draft: false
lang: en
translatedFrom: ja
translatedAt: '2025-06-28T11:04:12.262Z'
---
# Asset Management
[【Kosuke Minowa × Hiroki Takahashi】"Time and Life"... Why do people fail? The recommendation of relaxed entrepreneurship【Chiharu Muto & ReHacQ】](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=abnGVAuM5e4)

Minowa-san's words in this session were helpful.
This seems to be content from another book, so I'd like to read that another time.

1. While you have young time, convert time capital into human capital
2. Based on human capital, take on challenges others won't do, and convert to social capital
3. Based on social capital, earn money, and that becomes financial assets

# Investment Multiplier
In the video, what individuals invest their time capital in varies.

For example, investing time capital in becoming a telephone operator now would be meaningless.

Because you'd be acquiring abilities not needed by society.

Like this, you need to invest time considering society's needs.

Otherwise, even if you spend time, it might be × 0 = 0.

I need to think about what to spend my time capital on.

# Make Challenge a Habit
Even if you obtain human capital, you must convert it to social capital.

For that, you need to regularly look for challenges.

Continue finding seeds of challenge and actually challenging every day.

If you cultivate your eye and failure becomes normal, your feet won't freeze when it matters.

Confidence is determined by the number of failures and successes.

# Finally

The other day, I received guidance from a life senior.

1. Whether in work or choosing a partner, go where they value you
2. Men should earn money
3. Become an interesting man

I'll do my best!!
