---
title: Count the Number of Challenges
published: 2025-04-16T00:00:00.000Z
description: Breaking free from perfectionism
tags:
  - Casual
category: Casual
draft: false
lang: en
translatedFrom: ja
translatedAt: 2025-06-28T11:04:12.270Z
---

As a new employee, I'm in training.

Through team development, what I know and don't know compared to others is gradually becoming clear.

I don't want to use words like "superior" or "good at," so I'm expressing it as knowing or not knowing.

What I can't do now is just because I don't know it, and I can do it if I learn! - including that suggestion.

Within this, I'm setting a goal of breaking free from perfectionism.

When unfamiliar words or system names come up, I want to be able to say "I don't understand!"

This was difficult in the past, perhaps because of wanting to be seen as a "good person" or wanting to be thought of as knowing everything.

Most of the time, I'd research it after going home.

However, let's use the environment!

Since there are colleagues who know more than me, I'll actively seek knowledge from them!

In exchange, I'll actively share information I know and knowledge that might be useful.

I'll eliminate resistance to GIVING and receiving, and fully utilize the growth opportunity of saying "I don't understand."

# Challenge

To face the fear of rejection and denial, I'll actively participate in internal learning opportunities!

The other day, I applied to participate in a workshop attended by company executives.

I'll probably be filtered out in the lottery.

Even if they let me through, the content will be advanced and I'll likely cough up blood!

But if I'm rejected, it's the same as a timeline where I didn't apply.

If by any chance I get through, lucky!

Thinking that I have nothing to lose by applying or challenging made me feel lighter.

Furthermore, even if I can't keep up, it's the organizers' fault for choosing me!

By shifting some responsibility to others to lower the psychological hurdle of challenging, I want to give it my all.

It's a small step, but I've accumulated one challenge gauge!

Today is a good day.

# Finally

Without challenges that make you hesitate, there's no change.

Don't miss chances to leave your comfort zone!

The indigo dye becomes bluer than the indigo plant it comes from.

The original meaning is that if you keep learning, you can achieve excellent results.

Let's do our best!
