---
title: 'The Trade-off Between Social Relationships, Money, and Performance'
published: 2025-05-30T00:00:00.000Z
description: On the balance beam of human relationships
tags:
  - work
category: Work
draft: false
lang: en
translatedFrom: ja
translatedAt: '2025-06-28T11:09:31.095Z'
---

# Social Relationships and Money

I went out to eat again with a friend who takes me out.

As a morning person, socializing is difficult for me.

Engineer social gatherings often seem to be from 7 PM to 9 PM, and they often have catering and alcohol.

As a morning person who needs to take care of my health to perform well, it would be better for my health not to attend everything.

On the other hand, building human relationships is essential for advancing work.

That's why I have to go out even if I don't want to, but it's difficult.

Well, this drinking session is only about once every three months, so it's not a burden, but still, the next day - that is, my hands feel heavy writing this blog.

So I try to socialize with super connectors as much as possible and have them connect me to various people.

For someone like me who has difficulty with non-work conversations, ice breaking is difficult, so I'm grateful.

I think people who are well-liked are good at casual talk.

I respect how they can have experiences that become conversation topics while being busy with work.

However, I've stopped feeling envious, so I'm relieved that I'm nicely mellowing out.

For now, it was a day when I decided to abandon my personal life and prioritize producing results at work.

May ended with work being enjoyable after my official assignment, without Monday blues.

That was good.

# Finally

In my case, I look at my smartphone less frequently, and my LINE replies come 2-3 days later.

I feel happy not having time taken up by SNS and smartphones.

I'm glad my mental state has stabilized.
