---
title: Do I Need a Bag-in-Bag?
published: 2025-06-16T00:00:00.000Z
description: The interesting thing about off-peak commuter passes
tags:
  - Chat
category: Chat
draft: false
lang: en
translatedFrom: ja
translatedAt: '2025-06-28T11:09:31.101Z'
---
# Do I Need a Bag-in-Bag?

I always use a backpack from the Somes Saddle Halon series for my commute.

However, when it gets hot, I'm worried about sweat from my back getting on the bag.

So I changed my bag for commuting.

On the first day today, I made the blunder of forgetting my access card.

If you forget it, you can get a building card issued to enter.

However, the time when this procedure can be done starts from the beginning of work hours.

In my case, I arrive at the company 2.5 hours before work starts, so I have to kill time during that period.

Although I had come to within one station of the company, I just transferred and went home to get it.

Let's consider it a good thing that I got more reading time.

With all this, I'm thinking I need a bag-in-bag or pouch so I don't forget essentials when changing bags.


# Off-Peak Commuter Pass

I use an off-peak commuter pass.

Therefore, I go to the company early in the morning.

I get the impression that many people from my nearest station also commute with off-peak passes.

What I felt today was that the off-peak commute times might actually be more crowded.

After riding both ways, it felt like everyone wants to save money so they use off-peak, making regular times less crowded.

When summer starts, trains will be hot and difficult, so I'm already worried about how to commute.


# Summary

Even when changing bags, I need to keep necessary items together.

Also, I need to prepare summer goods or I'll be in trouble.
