---
title: How to Use Money
published: 2025-04-03T00:00:00.000Z
description: Deduct necessary expenses first
tags:
  - Money
  - Self-improvement
category: Money
draft: false
lang: en
translatedFrom: ja
translatedAt: '2025-06-28T11:04:12.266Z'
---
# How to Use Money

After three days of training, I've been invited to more lunches and drinking parties.

I thought I should apply principles to how I use money, so I'm making notes.

# Deduct Necessary Expenses First

Deduct the expenses necessary for your life first, then use what's left.

This has been said countless times, but I realized I actually need to do it.

The thing is, I haven't been assigned any tasks at the company yet, so I have time.

Therefore, I'm in a state where I can go to drinking parties and lunches when invited (the fact that I don't invite others really shows my personality!).

At this time, I was only thinking about time, but I realized I need to think about money in the same way.

I want to put almost all my surplus funds into investments.

Right now, I plan to fully utilize NISA and iDeCo, and put any remaining amount into stocks and bonds.

This means I need to decide in advance how much money I can freely use and manage within that amount, or I risk spending too much.

# Plan

First, automatically invest through credit card accumulation.

Additionally, purchase amounts above the credit card accumulation limit.

Keep a certain amount on hand for unexpected expenses.

Post somewhere visible how much today's 1,000 yen will become through investment to reduce unnecessary expenses.

# Finally

If I don't secure reading time in the morning or during my commute, I won't be able to read books!
