---
title: Compliance is Tough
published: 2025-04-01T00:00:00.000Z
description: One wrong step and you're in a firestorm
tags:
  - Work
category: Work
draft: false
lang: en
translatedFrom: ja
translatedAt: '2025-06-28T11:04:12.265Z'
---
# Day 1 as a New Recruit

Today, I was officially released into the wild as a foot soldier.

Listening to our CEO's inspiring words, I was once again struck by how amazing it is to be part of the world's number one company.

I hope to earn enough assets to own a racehorse within the next 10 years.

# Compliance

The first week is all about learning what we need to follow as working professionals.

What left the deepest impression was the content about sexual harassment and power harassment.

Honestly, I realized that if I interact with people without thinking carefully, it would be a parade of harassment.

Moreover, whether something constitutes harassment is determined by the receiver.

Hmm... this is problematic.

This means it's difficult to receive strong guidance from above, and I need to be extremely careful in conversations.

I also thought that once you get used to behaving in ways that avoid harassment, it becomes harder to give yourself a good kick in the pants.

# I'll Work Hard on Self-Harassment

I'm keenly aware that I thoroughly harass myself.

"Why can't you even do something this simple?"

"That person is doing it better than you."

And so on.

I've achieved some level of success (I think) by putting myself down, scolding myself, and then pushing back with a "screw that" attitude.

Now that harassment prevention measures are so robust, I can't expect pressure from those around me.

I need to apply power harassment to myself, create pressure, and then push back against it.

# In Closing

By the way, apparently having a one-on-one drink with someone of the opposite sex to discuss work is also considered sexual harassment.

They say it's wrong because it creates room for misunderstandings.

Well... I guess I'll be skipping all drinking parties except for company-sponsored ones.
