---
title: The Significance of This Blog
published: 2025-03-05T00:00:00.000Z
description: Why a personal blog now?
tags:
  - misc
category: misc
draft: false
lang: en
translatedFrom: ja
translatedAt: 2025-06-28T10:57:44.560Z
---

# Why a Personal Blog Now?

Nice to meet you.
I'm Semiramis.
Starting April 2025, I'll be working as an ML/DS engineer at an IT company in Tokyo (planned).
- Why a personal blog now?
- What will I be writing about?

Let me explain these two points!

## Why a Personal Blog Now?
- I need to create a space for knowledge output!
- I need to start building up, or I'll be in trouble

### I Need to Create a Space for Knowledge Output!
This is urgent.


During my six years at university, I wrote two international conference papers, one journal paper, and two second-author international conference papers.


While summarizing my results, I noticed my writing quirks, holes in my logical thinking, poor explanations, and improvements in my English skills.


I believe this was my greatest learning from research.

To continue this cycle of self-improvement, I need to constantly organize my thoughts and write them down.


So, I plan to post at least one article daily on this blog.

### What Will I Be Writing About?
- Books I've read
- Educational videos
- Work learnings

Especially for work learnings, I'll abstract them so they'll be helpful to many people while avoiding any information leaks.


# Finally
By forcing myself to write this blog daily, I should be able to act in a way that ensures I learn something every day.

Since I don't have much time left, I'll work hard to achieve results!!
