---
title: Morning Training and Crowded Trains
published: 2025-04-22T00:00:00.000Z
description: First pre-work training
tags:
  - Casual
category: Casual
draft: false
lang: en
translatedFrom: ja
translatedAt: 2025-06-28T11:04:12.272Z
---

# Morning Training

When it gets warmer, you can wake up early in the morning.

This morning I woke up at 5 AM and went to the gym from 6 AM.

Even at this time, there were already people at the gym - no one on cardio machines, but power racks were occupied.

I felt the high consciousness of everyone who trains in the morning.

I was able to do chest training sufficiently(?), so I started the day in a good mood!

# Number of Birds

After that, to the nearby park.

Touching natural sounds in the morning and seeing people walking or jogging shows there are various ways to enjoy life - it works when I'm somewhat stuck at work and can't see ahead.

Meeting various people is important to not fixate on current ways of living or common sense around us.

However, what concerned me was the number of birds.

Fewer bird species and numbers than around the driving school I go to on weekends, a bit disappointing.

Nature-rich areas are indeed more relaxing.

# Crowded Trains

Crowded trains after such soul-cleansing.

Usually I ride before peak time, but this time after peak.

More crowded than usual, with delays too - going later indeed increases uncertain factors.

However, crowded trains, though everyone must hate them, somehow never disappear...

I think it would be interesting if we could solve this problem, and I'd like to do some daydreaming and market research.

It would surely be good mental exercise and might spark new business ideas.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src=https://youtu.be/TCuU1OFOLVE?si=kKInryRxf6CnIoZf title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

# Finally

Training increases self-esteem, and best of all, the comparison target becomes your past self.

In these times of excessive comparison with others, maybe this is why it's popular.

Also, watching fitness YouTuber videos really boosts training motivation.

I want to go to Muscle House Gym soon.
