---
title: How to Spend Weekends
published: 2025-04-12T00:00:00.000Z
description: Not enough time
tags:
  - Work
  - Casual
category: Casual
draft: false
lang: en
translatedFrom: ja
translatedAt: '2025-06-28T11:04:12.269Z'
---
# How to Spend Weekends

I'm gradually understanding time allocation when there's work.

Within that, how to utilize weekend time and weekday mornings has become a challenge.

# Weekend Time

I'm currently attending driving school to get my license.

It's a grateful era where classroom lessons can be done online, but I go once a week for driving practice.

As a result, my weekends revolve around this schedule.

On the other hand, it's true that having fixed times makes me act with the mindset that I can't waste time.

If I don't list what I want to do on weekends during weekdays and decide on times, I'll end up spending time lazily.

Furthermore, I prep weekday meals on weekends.

Even though "prep" just means making lots of salad in advance.

By finishing prep, I don't need to cook on weekdays.

I'm considering what else I can prep on weekends to make weekdays easier.

# Weekday Mornings

Now, to avoid train rush hour, I leave home by 6:30 AM.

This gets me to work about 2.5 hours before starting time.

Currently, I'm using this time for writing this blog and reading, but I want to make it more fulfilling.

Additionally, I want to somehow create time to drink coffee in the morning.

I used to brew drip coffee, but I haven't been able to carve out that time now.

I want to think of strategies other than cutting wasteful evening time and going to bed early to create morning time.

# Finally

If I don't think about how to create time for myself on weekends and weekdays, I simply won't be able to grow.

I want to be able to look back a year from now and think I've grown from my current self.
