---
title: Let's Use the Company! Practical Edition
published: 2025-05-12T00:00:00.000Z
description: Trying to manage with preparation
tags:
  - work
category: Work
draft: false
lang: en
translatedFrom: ja
translatedAt: 2025-06-28T11:04:12.277Z
---

# Let's Use the Company! Practical Edition

This week is my last training period!

So I'm working to absorb all the knowledge I can while I still have the chance!

The benefit of joining a company is being able to see presentation materials and educational content created by people more talented than me.

I think I need to fully utilize this advantage of being in a company, so I'm going through everything I can find.

I'm keenly aware that there are many terms I don't know and that I'm lacking understanding of how to leverage data science in business.

Thinking that opportunities to catch up like this will decrease in the future, I feel it's important to figure out how to catch up during work hours.

I wonder how others are catching up?

There are quite a few people around me who have their own companies while working, which motivates me to start challenging myself soon too.

I think I'm using the value of being at a company rather than working independently pretty well.

Recently, I've been thinking I need to find simple words to express myself so people will remember me.

I like reading, so I enjoy copywriting.

I need to work a bit harder.

# Finally

Yesterday, after training my upper body with a double split, my back and biceps are particularly sore.

I hope it doesn't affect tomorrow's leg training.
