---
title: About City Hall
published: 2025-03-25T00:00:00.000Z
description: Unknown world and IT implementation
tags:
  - misc
category: misc
draft: false
lang: en
translatedFrom: ja
translatedAt: '2025-06-28T11:04:12.263Z'
---
# Impatience

I used the My Number card for moving-out notification in preparation for my new life starting in April.

At that time, I made a mistake with the 4-digit password and had to go to city hall.

I needed to enter a different password than the usual one when reading the My Number card, but I mistakenly entered my usual password.

Therefore, I exceeded the 5-time error limit? and had to go to city hall to unlock it.

Indeed, impatience is bad. I should check properly.

# City Hall

City hall was bustling with many people, which honestly surprised me.

I thought it would be less crowded with the spread of My Number.

City hall is large, and honestly, I wonder if so many people and facilities are necessary.

Well, I don't know at all what kind of work city hall does, so I'm not sure.

Seeing the situation with many documents and folders makes me wonder if it could be digitized.

When looking around town searching for side business opportunities, the same things look different.

In the case of city hall, rigid people work there, and with lifetime employment and many elderly people, the hurdle for IT implementation is probably high (prejudice).

I also think IT introduction is difficult in places where there's no need for efficiency.

Then, let's think about IT implementation in places where efficiency has benefits.

# Finally

Walking around town during the day, I saw people eating carbohydrate-loaded lunch boxes.

I wonder if surprisingly few people eat with attention to their health...
