---
title: Various Investment Matters
published: 2025-05-24T00:00:00.000Z
description: What happens to the US stock investment-only strategy?
tags:
  - work
category: Work
draft: false
lang: en
translatedFrom: ja
translatedAt: 2025-06-28T11:09:31.092Z
---
# Swayed by Trump

While savoring the joy of having funds available to invest in NISA since April as a new graduate, I'm starting to worry about where to invest.

I've been investing in the S&P 500 since my student days.

I thought it would just be a matter of moving assets to Japanese or US government bonds.

However, the other day Trump started expressing opinions about international students.

This made me start thinking that maybe a global index fund would be better than investing in the US.

The source of US growth is excellent people gathering from around the world and creating companies.

I believe that combined with the reserve currency and the world's common language creates today's superpower America.

But what happens if international students are deterred by this announcement?

Even if international student acceptance isn't actually stopped, the impact might remain.

Furthermore, if the Trump administration stops accepting international students and the next administration abolishes this law, the trend might already be established.

I even think it might be better for Japan to declare itself as an environment where excellent overseas students can come to study.

So, seeing this policy that put a stop to human resources, which I personally thought was the source of America's wealth, I need to change my investment strategy.

# Finally

I guess a global index fund and developed country bond index would be safe.
