---
title: Book Off Was Convenient for Decluttering
published: 2025-03-17T00:00:00.000Z
description: Purchase without waiting time
tags:
  - misc
category: misc
draft: false
lang: en
translatedFrom: ja
translatedAt: '2025-06-28T11:04:12.260Z'
---
# Cashless Purchase!

The other day, I organized my room at my parents' house.

At that time, there were many things that were unnecessary but too good to throw away.

Manga, cushions, magazines, toys, etc.

Throwing them away would make me feel guilty, and garbage bag costs aren't cheap either...

So I went to Book Off on a whim.

They have cashless purchasing where you don't need to wait for assessment!

They'll buy or take everything you bring in.

If items can't be purchased, they'll take them as recycling, so you can definitely go home empty-handed!

This is huge. Not having to take unpurchasable items back home is a nice point.

As a note, even if you're dissatisfied with the purchase price (too low!), you can't refuse the purchase.

For people like me who bring things because they can't bear to dispose of them, this doesn't matter.

However, if you want even slightly higher prices, I recommend using other services.

After assessment completion, you'll receive an email at your registered address to choose how to receive payment.

There are several options like PayPay and au PAY, so just choose from there.

# Finally

What I think after decluttering is that it might be better to invest in intangible things like experiences rather than physical items.

I have hundreds of books, but thinking they'll be a burden when I die, I'm planning to shift to e-books and libraries to prevent the number from increasing.
