---
title: Making Up for Lost Time
published: 2025-06-14T00:00:00.000Z
description: 'Sleep, wake up, sleep'
tags:
  - Work
category: Work
draft: false
lang: en
translatedFrom: ja
translatedAt: '2025-06-28T11:09:31.100Z'
---
# The Downside of Drinking Parties

Thankfully, I had multiple drinking parties last week.

I can only be grateful since the company covered the food and drinks.

I've talked about this before, so I'll skip the details.

As a result, I had two nights of 4-hour sleep.

Perhaps because of that, today, Saturday, I slept for 10 hours.

Plus a 2-hour nap.

I might have cleared my sleep debt, but this isn't the right way to use time.

I somehow managed to go to the local library in the morning and prepare next week's lunches - the bare minimum - but there were few actions contributing to self-growth.

Considering my life rhythm, I strongly felt that one dinner meeting per week might be my limit.

If I think of this knowledge gained after two months of employment as a good test period, maybe it was worth it.

Also, one thing I often do on weekends is clean my room.

I regularly take things I no longer need to Book Off to sell, so I don't accumulate stuff.

However, if I didn't buy things in the first place, I wouldn't need to do this, so I strongly felt I should invest more instead.

I'll thoroughly reduce things I don't need to do and increase time for self-growth!

Having made that declaration, tomorrow is the final assessment drive before my driving test graduation exam!

Will my driving practice, studied without weekends, go well?

While earnestly praying for the day when autonomous driving arrives and this license becomes unnecessary, I'll do my best tomorrow too!
