---
title: It's Harvest Time!
published: 2025-03-22T00:00:00.000Z
description: 6 years of university life completed!
tags:
  - misc
  - career
category: career
draft: false
lang: en
translatedFrom: ja
translatedAt: 2025-06-28T11:04:12.262Z
---

# Graduation
Today, I safely graduated from graduate school!

The period where I only needed to focus on self-improvement has ended.

I'm grateful to the professors, classmates, and juniors who took care of me, and at the same time, thank you to my family who raised me to this point!

# It's Harvest Time!

From here, the harvest festival begins where I'll give back to society what I've cultivated while increasing my income!

Until now, I could only give back to people close to me through mentoring juniors and writing papers.

However, from now on, by utilizing the company, I can give back my fruits to more people (hopefully).

When you join a company, I think deadlines like graduation become fewer.

So, the immediate major deadline is to acquire abilities needed both inside and outside the company within two years.

As an evaluation metric, the annual salary offered when I expose myself to the job market!

I want to evaluate with 10 million yen as 100 points, deducting 10 points for every 1 million yen less.

While money isn't everything, I think it can be one indicator.

Without acquiring that level of ability, my evaluation within the company won't be high, and I won't be able to contribute to my hometown as I want to in the future.

# Finally

Until now, I was passive about the "lost 20 years."

However, as I work and contribute to society, I want to properly give back so that generations younger than me can live in a better world!!

From tomorrow, I'll live again!

Watching Shinya Aoki's last fight at ONE
