---
title: Question Power
published: 2025-04-24T00:00:00.000Z
description: Curiosity and action to increase experiences
tags:
  - Work
category: Work
draft: false
lang: en
translatedFrom: ja
translatedAt: 2025-06-28T11:04:12.272Z
---
# Question Power

The other day, I had the opportunity to go out for a meal with a senior I'm indebted to and a colleague.

During that, while having casual conversations, my colleague who sees things differently from me spoke.

Their questions to the senior were different from mine.

"How can I get along well with business professionals?"

"I want to organize a dinner party, who should I talk to?"

Unlike me who relaxes after work, they're properly using their time for interdisciplinary exchanges within the company.

Sure, it might cost money and time, but they're able to move thinking "I need to network now."

Hmm, wonderful.

However, it seemed they were struggling as there aren't many business professionals who interact with engineers.

Still, if people remember your face and name, it will be a plus when climbing up within the company in the future.

And those questions to the senior - having a purpose even at the same dinner allows you to draw out certain conversations.

This made me realize how information gaps are created.

Should I learn a bit from this? Or should I properly follow along and benefit from the spillover...

# Summary

Whether you can get useful information and make connections even at the same table depends on your initiative.

Let's use the environment better!

Also, since I've resumed weight training almost daily, I feel like my body temperature has risen.
