---
title: Cultivating a Growth Mindset
published: 2025-03-27T00:00:00.000Z
description: Muscle training is a mental stabilizer
tags:
  - misc
  - muscle training
category: misc
draft: false
lang: en
translatedFrom: ja
translatedAt: 2025-06-28T11:04:12.263Z
---

# The Joy of Being Able to Do Muscle Training

In my previous blog, I talked about doing high ROTI activities.

I was busy with elbow pain and various procedures, but I resumed muscle training yesterday.

Yesterday and today, I punished my whole body.

I rested for about a month, but I could train with almost no change in weight.

This might mean I was overworking before.


# To Maintain My Ideal Self

In my case, perfectionism comes out when chasing ideals, so I try to compromise to some extent.

I don't compromise on pushing myself in muscle training, but I think about it casually.

Thanks to this, I was able (or will be able) to sleep with the positive feeling that I grew yesterday and today.

Since I had time today, I spent a total of 5 hours training my whole body in the morning and afternoon.

The problem here is how to continue muscle training after April.

Provisionally, I'll keep it within 2 hours per day but split body parts more than before.

Since I tend to have shallow sleep when I don't do muscle training, I'm planning to push harder.

Looking at classmates who got jobs after undergraduate, some say they lack exercise and are too busy with work to spend money.

I don't know how I'll work, but I'm considering using Gold's Gym near my workplace in addition to my current Anytime Fitness.

There's more equipment, and the surrounding level is higher, so it could be used for motivation.

The problem is how to create gym time.

The easiest is to go to the gym after work, avoiding getting fat from business dinners & avoiding rush hour.

In this case, should I transfer to Gold's Gym?

Or should I push myself at Anytime near home in the morning before going to work...


# Make Up Your Mind

The easy thing is to go with the flow and stop going to the gym altogether.

But then I wouldn't be myself.

For now, should I join both Gold's Gym and Anytime in April and verify which has more usage?


# Finally

Without directly receiving the feeling of growing through muscle training, I feel depressed like I've wasted the day, but I wonder if others don't feel this way...
