---
title: The Importance of Preparation
published: 2025-05-10T00:00:00.000Z
description: How much value can you extract from the same amount of time
tags:
  - work
category: Work
draft: false
lang: en
translatedFrom: ja
translatedAt: 2025-06-28T11:04:12.277Z
---

# The Importance of Preparation

The other day, I had the opportunity to ask questions to an executive.

Thinking "This is a privilege for new employees!" I read through almost all publicly available information including past interview articles and blogs.

Thanks to that? I'm proud that I was able to ask questions that delved deeper than existing interviews.

What I always think about such Q&A sessions is that since we're given precious time, we should prepare in advance.

When I asked other members around me this time, many hadn't prepared questions, so I occupied 20 minutes out of the 30-minute Q&A session.

Is this a good thing or a bad thing?

Of course, if other members had prepared questions, I would have considered yielding, but it seemed they didn't have questions - that's my excuse.

# The Importance of Preparation

In the end, by asking questions, I was able to hear what I wanted to know.

But this was because I could ask about things I had researched and wondered about.

If I had handed over the initiative of that interview to others, I might not have gotten the information I wanted.

Thinking about this, I keenly felt how important it is to make things personal, to use that time for your own benefit.

Often when questions are invited, no one raises their hand, but from now on I've decided to actively research and dominate the Q&A sessions.

# Summary

Asking questions is an act of taking others' time.

You could say asking questions is an act of forcing others to answer.

I want to ask good questions so we can both have a good time.
